today we are going to make you
shorts for a baby from 3 to 6
months
remember that we had previously
made the sweater quoted was extracted by the
parts of here in front of the
shoulders and this panties is the same
companion of our pieces I hope
who are encouraged to do this work
on board today we are going to
use thread in this case 3
millimeters thick 22 chillos 1 of 2
millimeters and the other 2 points 75
millimeters and scissors
to start our pants we are going to
make 50 +2 chains to form your
first high point and our first
back would be high points only
there would be 53 high points
turn 2
3 4 5 and 6
we are going to make them in elastic point
alternating a high point and a high point
raised
is to form the waistband of our
pants this pants are going to do
in two parts
let's go to two equal parts this would be the
half only
and already the other would be exactly the same as
is
then of the return number 2 3 4 5 and 6
let's make elastic knit
once we have finished our
six turns of elastic knit we go to
continue with our reasons I forgot
tell them that for our point
elastic we are going to use the crochet 2
millimeters already for our reasons
let's start with the crochet 2
points 75 millimeters and we make two
chains let's make a high point to the
start and another at the end of each of
our laps
and in the first point we are going to make a
pineapple we make 1
two
and three half high points we close them
1 2 and the third point we make a point
high here the cross points
and in the previous point we do again
a point
high
we continue with the pineapple 1
two
and three out of ten high points we closed
we recount 1 2 and 3 to do
our cross points
is the pattern that we are going to follow in
our first round of our
grounds
the next point we make the pineapple
to start our second round of
the reasons we are going to be exactly in
the procedure but here where we have
the cross point let's make the pineapple
with 1
two
three half high points closed
and where we have the pineapple
cross point we make a high point
after our pineapple and another point
high before the is the procedure
what are we going to continue
and this we are going to do for 15 laps
be 15 laps
before
and I started what has been the
part of the
of the leg
two
and three half points now more equal
here we make the high point after the
pineapple
and a previous one like that and that's the only thing
what are we going to do as we commented
go contrasting
we do not have the pineapple is the cross point
then pineapple and cross point until
get to 15 laps
once we have finished 15
turns
let's eliminate three reasons at the beginning
and three at the end 1 2 3 and and we continue
with the same pattern that we had
Cross points and pineapples
and this we would do the same for 15 laps
as well
only in this as I commented
we are going to decrease three reasons at the beginning
and three at the end and in the other laps
let's make the points that were left of
of this round
once we have sown our 15
laps from where we did the
decreases
let's change a new crochet
2 millimeters and this is because we are going to
make the waistband point again
We make two chains to form our
first high point and here we are going to
take as follows where
we have the pineapple we're just going to do
a high point
when they were crossed points and
let's do
1 and 2 high points are in each of
the points that we cross again the pineapple
it's just a high point is the pattern
that we will continue in the first round
of the waistband already from the bottom
of the trousers
2 again the pineapple is
we have to be 30 high points
and once we finish our first
return of high points the return of two
three and the fourth we will make a
elastic point
and he has finished all four laps
we cut our thread the other part and
remember that there are going to be two two parts
two halves this is one the exactly
equal to this after this we will join now
our pant pieces
once we have had our two
pieces let's start to join and
first we are going to join the part of the
only leg is here until the shot
this is still not going to be done by me
they are and here the two parties
in the little legs, we are going to join
the front and back
as we usually join our pieces
What are we going to
do next
we make the front
the back and at the end
and we would still go what it is
the shot and this part of here is what
last thing that we would have to do and now
we almost finished our
trousers
once we have joined the part of
front and back crotch
we would only have to make a ribbon
quoted I only did the little thing the
chains
after this only hide and
cut our threads
and that would be all
I hope and are encouraged to do this
trousers